well howdy there internet people its
bogan so today we're gonna talk about
Curious George people ask me about it
all the time why why I have this image
on my hat I think it's because I use so
much symbolism in my videos and a whole
bunch of different ways that they assume
there is a deeper meaning to it there
were there wasn't work to be honest what
seems like a lifetime ago I was part of
a group of guys that were normally
somewhere trying to figure something out
nobody knew where they were people were
looking for them and they probably had
no business being there Curious George
seemed like a really fitting mascot that
was only a few years and Curious George
kind of left my life for a while then my
middle son before he was even old enough
to say curious well he just loved monkey
so all that stuff came back out was at
that point that I read the rather
stories for the first time since I was
kid and I couldn't help but notice
certain themes that are well let's just
say what we would call today problematic
the idea of a white man dressed the way
that he is taking a monkey from Africa
putting on a boat shackling and bring
him to the United States put them in a
cage and eventually bringing him home
was a theme I couldn't miss at the same
time I love when something good comes
from something bad and today Curious
George's science teacher teaches kids
about still teaches him to build
something from nothing
love it so I was willing to overlook the
problematic themes that I saw in those
stories and to be honest I don't know if
that was an intentional thing and after
what I have recently found out probably
wasn't because when he all sent me an
email detailing the story of Curious
George and I love me more today so
Curious George was real monkey named
Fifi in South America not Africa his
human parents were Margaret and Hans
well they go to France on their
honeymoon and they're there in May of
1940 if you're not a history buff the
Nazis just showed up it's about to get
real bad Margaret and Hans are Jews they
can't get out
the trains are gone they'll have
bicycles to buy so they build them
something from nothing they use spare
parts and cobble together bicycles and
they become refugees they head out in
the basket of one of those bicycles all
of these beautiful pastel images that
they had made of a monkey eventually
they get out they get to Lisbon and they
get out they hop on a boat they go back
to Rio I think and then they make it to
the United States where that refugee
adopts an assumed name George that's
where Fifi became George George goes on
to better the country for the next 70
years more than teaches kids to build
something from nothing
something that refugees are really
really good at
it's great story it's a great story that
is very fitting for what I talk about a
lot of times but I didn't know that to
be almost I can't thank you enough for
sending me that email that's that's
amazing
but I would imagine that a lot of the
refugees from south of the border that
are trying to get here now they're gonna
be just like George they're gonna better
the country if you let them they're
gonna reinstall that spirit of being
able to accomplish the impossible that
curiosity about the world around them
all of those things that we pretend are
still American traits anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day